Train to be a teacher (prototype) (#2401)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/help-and-advice.md

---
title: Help and advice
navigation: 50
image: "media/images/content/hero-images/0025.jpg"

> subtitle: We’re here to answer your questions and provide advice about teacher training, whether you’re just thinking about teaching or you’re ready to apply.

Reviewer: @gazcarr Not a biggie for the prototype but just to flag that the subtitle font size is much bigger on this Help and advice page compared with the Train to be a teacher page, plus the images are different heights

We’re here to answer your questions and provide free advice about teacher training, whether you’re just thinking about teaching or you’re ready to apply.

##Come to an event

> Our events are a great way to meet people and talk about any concerns or questions you have about becoming a teacher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our events are a great way to meet our experts and talk about any concerns or questions you have about becoming a teacher.
```

People sounds a bit vague?

> ###Train to Teach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###Train to Teach events
```
For consistency with the other headings

> Train to Teach events are free to attend and you'll be able to:

Reviewer: Do we want to say that these are run by the Department of Education? We did this in the new events design based on UR (@KeishaDfE can confirm) and also with a view to differentiating these events.

Reviewer 2: @gemmadallmandfe I think adding 'run by Department for Education' to TTT events will provide reassurance and give them more weight

> - put your questions to expert advisers, teachers and training providers

Reviewer 2: test comment

Author: it worked!

> - chat with current teachers
> - find out what a career in teaching is really like
> - watch presentations which provide detailed guidance on how to get into teaching, the application process and funding your training

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- chat with some current teachers
- find out what a career in teaching is really like
- watch presentations which provide detailed guidance on how to get into teaching, the application process and funding your training
```

Author: not so sure about this

###Online question and answer sessions

> There are online question and answer sessions where you can ask a panel of specialists the questions that matter to you. These sessions cover a range of different topics so you can ask specific questions and receive advice tailored to your particular circumstances.

Reviewer: Do we want to say that these are run by the Department of Education? We did this in the new events design based on UR (@KeishaDfE can confirm) and also with a view to differentiating these events.

Reviewer 2: @gemmadallmandfe yes, I'd make that clear here too.
I still wonder whether users think this is a zoom event where you can ask questions to a panel rather than a text based q&a event on the GiT website

Reviewer: I think that's a really good point @KeishaDfE - we should make it clear that you are posting questions (text-based)

> There are online question and answer sessions where you can ask a panel of specialists the questions that matter to you. These sessions cover a range of different topics so you can ask specific questions and receive advice tailored to your particular circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are online question and answer sessions where you can ask a panel of specialists the questions that matter to you. These sessions cover a range of different topics so you can receive advice tailored to your particular circumstances.
```
Bit repetitive?

> ###School and university events

Reviewer: These are called 'School and university events' in the current events design but we changed this to 'Training provider events' in the new design, following UR that confirmed that people didn't understand 'School and university events'

We may need to wait until the new events design is live to change this but thought it was worth calling out now

> You could also attend one of the School and University events, either online or in person, and hear directly from teacher training providers about the courses they offer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You could also attend one of the School and University events, either online or in person, and hear directly from teacher training providers about the courses they offer and how to apply.
```

> Search for an event near you (THIS IS A BUTTON)

Reviewer: I don't think we should say 'near you' as that implies they are all in person?

When we have the new events design, we can be smarter about linking to pre-filtered results (eg 'Search for an online event' or 'Enter your postcode...') but not yet!

##Get a teacher training adviser

> Teacher training advisers provide free, one-to-one support wherever you are in your journey into teaching. You can phone, text or email them. They are experienced teachers and able to answer any questions you have. You will have your own dedicated adviser to support you at every step as you make important decisions about your future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teacher training advisers provide free, one-to-one support by phone, text or email wherever you are in your journey into teaching. They are experienced teachers and able to answer any questions you have. You will have your own dedicated adviser to support you at every step as you make important decisions about your future.
```

> Teacher training advisers provide free, one-to-one support wherever you are in your journey into teaching. You can phone, text or email them. They are experienced teachers and able to answer any questions you have. You will have your own dedicated adviser to support you at every step as you make important decisions about your future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Teacher training advisers provide free, one-to-one support wherever you are in your journey into teaching. You can phone, text or email them. They are former teachers and able to answer any questions you have. You will have your own dedicated adviser to support you at every step as you make important decisions about your future.
```

They can help you to:

- get classroom experience
- find out what teaching is really like
- understand more about teacher training courses
- understand the funding and support available to you
- find the right courses to apply for
- make a successful application
- prepare for your interview

> Get your adviser (THIS IS A BUTTON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get your dedicated adviser (THIS IS A BUTTON)
```
or something along those lines to make it more compelling?

Reviewer 2: @gemmadallmandfe I like that - gives the service more weight

> Get your adviser (THIS IS A BUTTON)

Reviewer 2: Where will this button link to? Will it go the TTA promo page? Will the link be ready for UR?

Reviewer: But it goes to the TTA page I think the CTA will need changing
eg 'Get your dedicated adviser' -> funnel
or 'Find out more about dedicated advisers' -> TTA page

I think if we are giving enough context on this Help page, we should send them to the funnel otherwise it is very circuitous

> ##Join our mailing list

Reviewer: I'm really not keen on calling this a 'mailing list' anywhere on GIT - it's how we talk about it internally and sounds really dull :-)

And 'join' just makes it sound like everyone gets the same stuff!

Reviewer 2: Yes, it's internal language and I haven't really heard users mention a mailing list.
We currently use 'register for updates' but the terminology that resonates with users is probably something to test.

Reviewer: I don't think 'updates' lands particularly well either - sounds like it is updates about teaching/DfE rather than personalised guidance

The onboarding journeys are getting more personalised now (eg re subject) so I think we need to stress this benefit

We can help you get into the classroom with guidance tailored to you, including how to:

> - get experience in a classroom

Reviewer: worth talking to Nicola B about the onboarding journeys and how best to describe them - these bullets sound quite practical but there is content around what teaching is like as well, which I think would be important to highlight

- find funding to train
- get one-to-one support
- read advice from trainees or newly qualified teachers
- write a successful application

> Just answer a few questions about your current situation and what you are interested in and we will keep you up to date with the latest information and advice relevant to you.

Reviewer: I think this is a bit misleading to talk about 'what you are interested in'? I would probably remove this bit - we are only asking them what subject they want to teach!

> Just answer a few questions about your current situation and what you are interested in and we will keep you up to date with the latest information and advice relevant to you.

Reviewer: not sure about 'latest information and advice' - sounds a bit like a news bulletin, which it isn't?

> Sign up (THIS IS A BUTTON)

Reviewer: This needs to be more descriptive for accessibility purposes
eg Get personalised email guidance (or something better written than that)

Reviewer 2: Where will this button link to? Will the link be ready for UR?

Reviewer: /mailinglist/signup/name

(and yes - button can be added before UR)

##Have a chat

> If you would like to talk to someone now to find out more information you can chat online or call us on 0800 389 2500 and we will be able to help you.

Reviewer: Should we give examples of what people could ask? Eg funding, eligibility? We can review categories of current questions to identify the most common topics.

Reviewer 3: Good plan. I will find out and update this.
